Belgium defeated our team two-to-one so
now they'll move on to what the fantasy
suite date is that how it works I don't
know I'm still not exactly sure of what
the rules are in this World Cup it seems
like pretty much everyone has been
talking about soccer this week so much
so we decided to conduct an experiment
we went out onto Hollywood Boulevard we
found people who claimed to be big fans
of US soccer and we asked those people
how they think Landon Donovan has been
playing so far now if you follow soccer
you know Landon Donovan was cut from the
team in May before the cup even started
it was a big deal you because he was the
biggest name on the team but when we
asked these fans how they thought he was
doing
they spoke myths truths and tonight's
special World Cup soccer edition of lie
witness news so what do you think of
Landon Donovan's play this year in the
World Cup I'm definitely pretty good he
took one to the nose was it and I kept
playing NBA players normally they won't
do that they'll take to the nose get
LeBron Dolph you know or whatnot
pretty tough of him where were you when
you were watching the game where Landon
Donovan got hit in the nose at work in
my office
yeah in office you know else was
watching with you coworkers you know we
huddle around the TV whatnot and what
was their reaction when they saw Landon
Donovan take an elbow to the nose what
was their reaction yet oh oh no when he
got up you know they were proud of him
definitely as you know we are us soccer
fans you know so what is the best play
you've seen from Landon Donovan in the
World Cup this when him playing against
Portugal uh-huh
and it was a fellas surprise when I saw
that 2-1 the end the tricycle kick he
did at the end or if you say was out
like even I cried too you cried yeah
where were you when you saw that that
seminal moment Landon Donovan scoring
off his but again Saskatchewan I was
actually sitting by my piano playing my
piano when I heard a reaction from a
people next door yeah are the reaction
of people next door and I kind of watch
the replay so reenact it for me pretend
you're sitting at the piano and your
your tinkling the ivories as it were and
you hear people go nuts just just run me
through it tell me what's happening goes
here my TV's here my piano is here
playing a piano
boom Landon Donovan against the sketch
one it goes off his but it's in the goal
screams scream from my rears my actually
my right rear uh-huh from the rear I
look to the TV
because I know that's what's going on
I've been hearing it all day and that's
that's just allow reaction I got there's
a lot of soccer fans in Hollywood
apparently said some people are saying
that you know Landon Donovan's play is
almost non-existent out there in the
World Cup this year would you agree not
he's good you still got one more win
he's dull yeah yeah oh one more good
shot in you know so you've at least seen
highlights of Landon Donovan practice
yeah I've seen him he's got the purple
mohawk and the uh yeah yeah tattoos
right I remember him something stylish
so I watch things like oh so you're
really into stuff do you think Landon
Donovan is outperforming lando
calrissian this year in the world
I don't believe so why is that well like
I said earlier I've seen him play way
better in World Cup so I know he's
underachieving right now are we talking
Calrissian or Donovan I'm talking to uh
Donna me yeah yeah so he's
underachieving so you know I've seen him
play better so I really can't call him
do you think landon donovan is living up
to his famous nickname Beckham Beckham
this year um yeah pretty much what is
the most shocking play that landed
Donovan took part in thus far in this
year's World Cup um probably biting
another man what anybody bit the guy
yeah tell me about that I think that's
pretty crazy but I mean it is what it is
so what were the feelings and thoughts
that went through your head when you saw
Landon Donovan bite another man I mean
he's hot so I don't care when you saw
Landon Donovan first bite that player
went went through your mind what are you
doing that's crazy like it's not it's
not worth it you know do you think it
was right for President Obama to give
him a phone call and kind of scold him
like that I mean you probably needed it
but I don't think it was his job to do
that no you said the president
overstepped his bounds by calling Landon
Donovan and saying you shouldn't have
bitten that guy yeah do you have any
other thoughts on the World Cup that
you'd like to lie about just go USA
the detail is what I I like the best hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel did you know there are
things other than pornography on the
Internet watch them on the Jimmy Kimmel
Live YouTube channel which much like
your own body I encourage you to explore